The code script (read_excel_file.py) contains a function (read_file()) which
receives two arguments, folder name and excel file name, then it does the following:
- Get the current directory
- Get the sub-folder of data files
- Get the name of excel files
- Create a new sub-folder for output in 'CSV' files
- Read the excel file and its defined ranges
- Check the ranges for the following issues:
	- if the range is empty/defined for reference cell value -> !#REF!
	- if the range is defined as a single cell value or range of cells
	- if the range is read from the same workbook or it is linked to another excel file
- Store the range names as a dictionary (name: value)
- Convert the dictionary to a data frame for each range name
- Save the output (each data frame) as a 'CSV' file in the sub-folder 'temp' with the name of 'range name'

Next
The script reads data from 'csv' files and does the following process to get desired computed value for sets and parameters:
1. Set zero value for 'EPS'
2. Convert data types where is needed
4. Combine dataframes for further computations based on columns values 
5. Create new columns for computed values from other columns
6. Remove rows and columns that are empty or not needed
7. Filter columns and rows based on conditions
8. Store main parameters' value in suitable structure as 'CSV' format

Construct the GGM model
1. Define the solver
2. Define the model
3. Declare the Sets, Parameters and Variables
4. Declare the constraints and objective function
5. load data values for components (step 2)
6. Run model and solver
7. Export the result in the Excel file

Installing the Pyomo package
Version of Python which supports the Pyomo:
CPython: 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9
PyPy: 3

Installing Pyomo using Pycharm
1. Installing miniconda
2. Create a project in pycharm
3. Select a python interpreter (3.8 for conda)
4. In Terminal, enter these command
	1.  conda install -c conda-forge pyomo pyomo.extras
	2. conda install -c cachemeorg glpk ipopt_bin (to install LP and NLP)
	3. conda install -c conda-forge pyomo  (installing Pyomo)
	4. conda install -y -c pycalphad cyipopt (installing ipopt)


Using pip:
pip install pyomo


INSTALLING GUROBI
To solve GGM using Pyomo package of Python, the 'Gurobi' academic license has been used.
To install Gurobi solver, you need to register on the website (https://www.gurobi.com/),
download, and install the license.
By following the documentation on the official website of Gurobi, you can install and run it on your machine.

Run the project:
execute the code in terminal:
python main.py
